Welcome back to the deal. I'm Jason
Kelly.
>> I'm Alex Rodriguez.
>> All right. Today we've got a banger of
an episode. Robin Arzon, she is not only
a top Pelaton instructor. She's a top
executive at the company. Plus, she's
building this whole empire outside of
Pelaton.
>> Jason, she's a force of nature. I mean,
she went from being a corporate
litigator to being one of the top
influencers in the country. And I'm
really interested to know how she's
transferred some of those skills from
being a corporate litigator to being one
of the most influential people in
sports.
>> Absolutely. She's talking about
investing in teams. There is nothing she
can't do and she is full of energy.
Coming up, Robin Arzone.
Robin Arzone, we are so happy to see
you. Welcome to the deal. I mean, I've
known you a little bit. I feel like I
know you really well, which is part of
the reason that we're going to get into
this amazing brand you've built and this
connection you have with people. But I
have to say, Alex, we've been talking
about the fact our phones have been
blowing up about the fact that we're
sitting here with you.
>> Yes. Yes. Well, first of all, no one's
more excited than Jason. And and as a
result, I'm also very excited because my
phone's been blowing up my girlfriend
Jack, my daughters who love Pelaton, but
they love you.
>> But like I thought we were interviewing
like Taylor Swift today. I mean, it's
really exciting. But you're also like a
corporate lawyer. First of all, I I do
want to know like how did you go from
being a lawyer to where you are now?
>> Well, I was a corporate litigator and my
dad was a lawyer growing up and I used
to sit on his blue books. He was also a
law professor, a real estate law
professor in Philadelphia. He went to he
taught at Temple. Went to and taught at
Temple. And so I kind of grew up with
the law when I was 10 years old. You
asked me at, you know, back to school,
what am I going to be? It was be I was a
lawyer. So I did practice law for eight
years. I was a corporate litigator and I
was underwhelmed. If you asked me if I
hated it, I wouldn't I didn't hate it. I
actually it was a malaise that I think
is pretty pervasive, frankly, in a lot
of industries, but especially law. And I
fell in love with running. So, I started
running when I was in law school. I I
really started running to run through a
really traumatic incident that happened
when I was in college. And I wrote about
that in my first book, Shut Up and Run.
And that actually used to be my mantra.
It was like, stop the chatter. Let's
shut it up. Let's lace up and run. And I
started doing marathons and
ultramarathons while I was still
practicing law. And I had this moment
where I thought I can't count down to
only like 20 minutes in Central Park
that were my my release throughout the
week. And I had such admiration for
athletes who made this their lives. And
I thought, how can I pay my rent with
something that I love? I quit law two
weeks before the London Olympic Games.
and with a cracked iPhone, I went and
slept on my friend's couch and just
quote reported from the games. And so,
this is kind of an influencer marketing
was like just becoming
>> a thing. And I kind of hit lightning in
a bottle like at that time really
recording and documenting my athletic
experience as an as a person who's not a
professional athlete.
>> I have a quick followup on that because
you worked at one of the most respected
law firms. So explain to me like when is
the moment that you look in the mirror
and say, "I'm at a great law firm. I
have a great career, great trajectory,
young lawyer, doing well. I want to go
do something else." Cuz most people
would think that's crazy.
>> Well, especially like I don't know. I
come from a refugee immigrant family. My
dad, you know, grew up in the Bronx and
was born in Puerto Rico. My mom is a
Cuban refugee. And to think that I would
leave something that was so secure to do
question mark question mark question. I
didn't even know. I was like building
the rocket ship as it was leaving the
station. Um the fact that they supported
me was amazing. Not supported me
financially but emotionally, right? I
told my mom and my dad, "You are never
going to have to pay a dime. I'm gonna
figure this out myself." And I lived
below well below my means when I was a
lawyer. And I just saved saved saved
saved. And I was actually at a
crossroads of buying an apartment or
leaving law. It was like am I going to
be allin or am I gonna give myself like
financial freedom and thank goodness
that I did because I was able to take
really big bets on myself that if I were
tethered to, you know, a mortgage trying
to aspire to, you know, live live like
the Joneses in New York City, like
that's a pretty high bar.
>> Do you remember the moment you made the
decision when you're like this is
happening?
>> I think it's iterative, right? That
there are lots of different inflection
points. So, it was probably a 2-year
slow burn where I was like, I really
love this other thing. This thing is
just okay. And I would come home, I was
still working like 80our weeks, you
know, I still had billable hour
requirements and and partners that I I
really respected actually and learned a
lot from. But it was this malaise that I
mentioned. So, I would I remember coming
home one night from the office. Um,
Seamless, it's called Seamless Web at
the time. Was like my best friend
ordering
order ordering whatever on the on the
client's dime, but like still working
right through dinner. And I got home at
11:19 and I opened up the notes app on
my phone. And I and I just made a list
of the things that I thought I was good
at and that I wanted to be able to
showcase in the world. There was no
wrong answer. And it was literally be
able to show my tattoos, be able to use
my oral advocacy skills on a wider
scale, be able to, you know, talk about
sports as somebody who was not an
athlete historically. And, you know,
literally it was like be able to run, be
able to sweat. And it's what my job is
now at Pelaton and beyond to the to the
letter.
>> Yeah.
>> You could call it business planning,
manifestation, mumbo jumbo. It worked
because I was able to clarify with with
specificity how I wanted to feel in this
new life. And then it was like, okay, I
got to marry skill set with opportunity
and now I at least know what to look
for. And that was probably 6 months
before I quit. And then two weeks before
the London Olympic Games, I just pulled
off the band-aid and I was like, I just
need to be around these athletes. I need
to be around the people who are talking
about sport and living it. And I just
wanted to be in their orbit, like
breathe the same air,
>> not obviously as a fan, but as somebody
who could like engage in conversation
with these people. Um, and that was the
objective. And I remember going to one
of the um, track practices and talking
to the USATF, USAF um, PR person and
like I was like, I just want to ask
Alison Felix one question. And you know,
now you know we're, you know, she's my
friend.
>> She's your girl.
>> Yeah. So, it's just amazing how, you
know, you peel the layers of the onion
and like there's always more there.
>> I I think about being a Yankee for a
long time and playing baseball for over
25 years. Some of the virtues and
characteristics that I've taken from
sports to bring to the boardroom. I'm
curious, talk about lawyer, you have to
be buttoned up, you can't show your
tattoos, you can't really show any
emotion, opposite of what you're doing
now. But was it was there anything you
took that you learned in law that's
helped you be such a a great
communicator and a connect connector to
people?
>> For sure. As a storyteller, I think if
you can make a legal brief interesting,
you can do a lot with more interesting
topics. Um, but the billable hours model
that I lifted from my law career
directly impacted my ability to see
movement and my ideas around
storytelling in within the wellness
umbrella as a business. Because during
this the these the beginning of these
influencer marketing days, it was a lot
of um gifted products and like PR
packages, which are still obviously
relevant now, but back then it wasn't
really you pay an influencer for a
campaign. It was like, I'm going to give
you shoes and you're just going to be so
grateful that I gave you shoes that
you're not really going to know the
value, the marketing dollars of what you
just gave me. And obviously, we're so
deeply grateful to receive product. I
still am, but that's not going to pay my
rent. Like, like my landlord was not
going to be like, "Thanks for these
Nikes, you know." Um, and so I adopted a
billable hours model and I just said,
"No, you can't pick my brain. I'm a
consultant."
>> And some brands said no, but enough said
yes. And then I was being booked not
only as talent, but also as a consultant
for these marketing agencies.
>> How do you discover Pelaton? So 2012,
you're talking about Pelaton is what?
Pelon was probably its like co-founders
plus a few initial leadership um folks.
They hadn't opened the studio yet. Um
and I read about Pelaton in an article
and then I reached out to the company
cold
>> cold email.
>> Cold email. Yeah. So during this time I
was I was teaching cycling at a local
spin studio. I was working on my first
book and I was about to publish my first
book when I started at Pelaton. I was
one of the first instructors hired and
we had our original studio on 23rd
Street.
>> So, Robin, one of the great advantages
to being a lawyer is being a supreme
great writer like this guy, Jason. What
did that email say?
>> Well, I wanted to sell the vision, the
passion, and a little bit of the skill
set. And I was a newer spin instructor,
right? So I couldn't say like I've been
in this industry x amount of years but I
told them that I saw how disruptive this
technology could be and I wanted to
light fires like I want to light fires
in people's lives and that that is still
one of my core mandates for all of my
businesses. It's got to light fires.
Yeah. and they kind of believed the
passion of the email and then it was
followed up two days later with an
audition and then you're seeing like is
can you walk the walk?
>> Yeah.
>> And thankfully they they accepted.
>> And so how did how do you prepare for an
audition? Like you're teaching classes
so you know what you're doing but I
assume you know you have to get used to
as someone who has taken a lot of
Pelaton class. You're speaking to a
camera. I mean you're speaking to me but
I'm in my basement. Like how do you like
lock in to communicate like that? How do
you develop that skill?
>> Well, for me it definitely started as a
lawyer. Like I used to walk around my
apartment and pretend that I was
speaking to, you know, really it was
more it was less courtroom stuff, a lot
of deposition stuff. And I would
practice that Q&A and kind of the mental
gymnastics of like if they say this, I'm
going to say this. And obviously when
you're presenting a class or a speech or
something, it's different. It's not
usually like a volley back and forth. I
almost visualize it like I'm writing it
on a board and those are the things that
end up coming into my notes.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Like when you're on the bike?
>> No, before. So, always prepping my class
plan and my playlist beforehand. And
then I'm usually listening to the
playlist as I'm going into the studio.
>> Okay.
>> And the things that I want to say in
class are kind of embedded like I I I
visually see it.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And it's sometimes it's from
myself talk and then sometimes it's
imagining Jason, you know, across from
who is that red light.
>> Yeah.
>> There's enough of a feedback loop with
our members. You'd via social media or
sometimes obviously if they're in the
studio
>> that I kind of have a sense of what the
conversation is around certain types of
movement, certain types of classes.
>> And Robin, when you get off, I mean,
obviously in baseball when you have a
good game, the scoreboard will tell you
if you have a good game or not, right?
So it's very, very easy. When you get
off that bike, do you know, was this a
10? Was this a nine? Was it a five? Do
you know if you had a great class and if
you hit all your points?
>> I mean, energy is currency, right? Like,
there's just a moment where you're,
you know, whether you hit it and whether
you were in a flow state, right? Like,
if I'm I'm in a flow state in most of my
classes. When I'm not, it's just life.
It's distraction. It's my kid. It's
whatever. It's life. And my job is to
refocus myself. And I have tools and
tactics to do that like any athlete
would.
>> But that is the interesting thing is
that we're maybe more like a TV network.
>> Yeah.
>> And that I might get I'll get like the
numbers and and things like that with my
producers later and it'll be like oh
this class was gang busters. And I'm
like really that 20-minut Tabata class
was like this right? Um but but I really
and then this is what I say to the other
instructors like we have the
responsibility to walk into every class
like it is an audition to be there. And
if you do not have the appetite to treat
every class like it's an audition to be
there then you don't belong on the team
anymore.
>> Wow.
>> And that's truly the standard that I try
to hold to my hold to myself. Not not
saying every class is a 10 out of 10,
but I do approach the work ethic with
that respect. Well, and it's
interesting, too, because you know,
pretty quickly you get to a point
because, you know, you and I first met
when I was anchoring the Bloomberg
Business Week show. We came out to a
homecoming event. Homecoming is that
>> Well, it was homecoming.
>> Okay. Yeah. Back in the day.
>> Right. Back in the day. Um, and I mean
at that point, you know, this is 10
years ago, probably eight, 10 years ago.
You know, you were already in a position
where you were the lead instructor. So
how does it get to the point where
you're not just an instructor but you
know John Foley co-founder and then CEO
like gives you the responsibility to
like essentially to your point sort of
run the network in terms of the talent
side.
>> Yeah. Well our chief content officer has
the sea level role of like quote running
the network and I report to them. You
know our current CCO is Jen Carter and
I've worked with her for a number of
years but when I was promoted it was um
you know earlier pretty early days in
Pelaton. I do think that my law degree
helped. I was able to uniquely sit in
meetings and kind of understand like
business KPIs and also understand the
talent needs. Sometimes I'm wearing
talent hats, sometimes I'm wearing like
an executive hat.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and it could be one meeting I might
swap those hats many many times. But
it's, you know, championing the
instructor's points of view because I
mean it didn't always Pelton didn't go
into the talent business, but it's now
in the talent business.
>> Oh yeah. But that wasn't initially that
perspective wasn't always appreciated,
especially when group fitness was a lot
more common back in those days with
other competitors. It was like, yeah,
I'm here to teach a cycling class, but
I'm a business,
>> right?
>> And it took it took some iterating on
that concept.
>> So, Robin, when you think about wearing
different hats, when you look at talent,
what are the first two or three things
you look I mean, obviously, when I look
at a baseball player, I'm looking for
speed. I'm looking for a great arm. I'm
looking for a great body. um someone's
gonna age well. What are the things that
you look for in a great talent?
>> I think at this point we're I'm I'm
we're really proud of the the diversity
and the breath that we have in the with
our instructor team and we scale
obviously, right? So we don't need five
of the same exact type of instructor or
musicality. Um I want a point of view,
right? So it's there is a physicality
obviously to what we do. Like you have
to be an athlete clearly. You have to
have certifications. you need to be a
subject matter expert, but that's like
dime a dozen. I want somebody who has a
point of view that can translate that to
after thousands of hours of doing it
because somebody can audition and BS
something for 20 minutes.
>> Yeah.
>> You can't really do that when you're
sprinting when you're on your, you know,
thousandth class. Like there is just
something that is very raw and real and
that is where you get to the kernel of
somebody's point of view. Well, because
you also I mean what's also clear and
you know you have an incredible
following and we want to talk about sort
of how you build your brand but like as
you look at you know who's resonating
numbers don't lie you know and like you
see the views and you also see the you
know to use a marketing term you know
those classes or those instructors who
have a long tail. So how do you think
about you know growing your own
community but also sort of growing these
complimentary communities as you again
create that right mix of instructors
>> right I mean we want to we've always
been a members first organization so we
want to meet our members where they are
in their various life stages right and
so from a content perspective we're
considering you know what are people
doing how are they moving and how can we
meet them there or even widen the
aperture of like what it means to be
have wellness offerings, including
non-class content. So, we introduced
nutrition content with some of our
instructors. Um, I'm coming up with a
cookbook next year based on my
plant-based philosophy um and point of
view on eating and and those recipes.
So, it's important to meet members where
they are, but also honor the life stage
and the evolution like I am not the same
person that I was, you know, 12, 13
years ago when I joined the company. And
so it included creating prenatal
content. Um, you know, it's obviously
entering the longevity conversation with
something that is purposeful and having
content that that pairs with it, but
also having a roster like we do want
>> younger instructors. We do want
instructors that are going to meet
growing demos as well as honoring our
core. And then we do look at demos for
certain instructors. And you know, it's
it's
>> where where's their crossover, where's
their expansion opportunity, where is
their business as usual where we just
know it's working and we don't want to,
you know, mix the drinks too much. It's
like some folks kind of have their core
and then some folks are more expansive
to to demos that we do want to explore.
It is funny I mean to to think about and
and Carolyn Tishbach who you worked with
obviously back in the day she was on the
show as well and you know obviously was
a key voice in sort of a lot of the
branding and and sort of growing you
guys um as brands you know one of the
deals that you did early on is Adidas
you know you established a relationship
how does that come about I mean clearly
you had your eyes on the prize of like
building your own brand tell us about
Adidas
>> so I started to understand that there
were marketing dollars in these deals
from initially
working on the agency side and Nike
Women was my client. So I was doing
their social media and I started to get
a little bit of visibility into like how
these campaigns are kind of run and
funded.
>> You were consulting.
>> I was consulting. So I was on the agency
side with a with a agency called Team
Epiphany
>> and Nike Women was their client. And
this was literally three weeks after the
London Olympic Games. It was like my
first job out of law. I was like, "Heck
yeah, I want to do this."
>> Yeah.
>> Um and then I realized six months later,
oh, like I want to be the talent that
they're booking.
>> And it was kind of the wild west, too.
Like with marketing dollars was like,
"Oh, maybe we don't need a
million-dollar commercial. We're going
to splice it up this other way." That
became my first foray into even the
terminology. Like I didn't know that
world at all. And then um in the early
days of um joining Pelaton, my first
book came out and that book got me on
the radar of an agent. So I joined um
WME. I was with WME for a number of
years. I'm now with more recently with
UTA. But then I was like, "Oh, I have an
agent. This is a business like this.
There are ways for me to structure these
conversations." And of course lean on
folks who know this stuff. Um and they
were used to endorsement deals with, you
know, the A-Rods of the world. Um and I
was one of the first um brand sponsored
deals at with Adidas for somebody who's
not a professional athlete.
>> Wow. And it was pretty purely based on
like brand recognition of the regular
person and social media KPIs.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and then of course the you know the
services that were built in there. It
was you know event appearances and and
and photooots. And I remember I had done
some modeling before my Adidas deal. And
I remember being on set for my very
first huge massive Adidas campaign and
they had like a body double for me and
they were like asking me if is this
okay? Would you wear this? And I'm like
oh like you my opinion is relevant here.
>> And then I realized right I'm
representing myself as well as the brand
in the marketplace. And that was when I
was like that synergy has to exist. And
whenever there isn't that synergy then I
know that it's probably not the right
place for me.
>> Yeah. So then the light goes up, then
you go, "Oh my gosh." So I'm a brand.
Yeah.
>> I also represent Pelaton and Adidas
thinks I'm pretty cool. How did you
think about scaling that opportunity?
>> Well, I was with Adidas for I think
almost 5 years. Um, and then I started
thinking like, what do I already use and
consume and experience
that makes sense? You know, I think I've
worked with over 40 brands in like the
12 years since I've had these deals. Um,
and now I'm definitely at the place
where it's like I want to go deeper with
fewer brands. You know, back then I
think it was very common for like, oh,
I'm just going to post this one social
media thing and it's a lot of like a lot
of little smaller stuff
>> um and that was very much part of the
game back then, but I think it's now
more curated for sure. At least from my
perspective, it's much more curated. Um,
and I I don't really do social media
only deals ever anymore. It's usually a
hybrid ownership stake or some kind of
advisory thing. um that is more than
just you know a brand deal. Um it really
opened my eyes to different categories,
different verticals. So it wasn't just
things that were adjacent to movement
and athletics. It was for example when I
had my first child, it was a toy line
and then that was you know a royalty
deal that it was a toy line baby that
was based on IP from my children's books
that were you know in Walmarts all
across the country. These are things I
could not even have imagined, but my
life stage and the opportunities met.
>> Yeah. So, as you're speaking, I'm
thinking about the NBA and the WNBA, and
I'm involved with the Minnesota
Timberwolves and the Lynx, and I'm very
passionate about this. And my background
is baseball, so come from a little bit
different world, but some things cross
over. And what I'm thinking about is the
culture you've created inside the four
walls. I'm thinking to myself as you're
speaking, how do we create that culture
and energy and light the fire inside the
four walls at Target Center where both
teams play?
>> I know you're a consultant, but if you
want to give me some free advice so I
can pay you later,
what kind of things would you be
thinking about, you know, when you have
20,000 people, there's a lot of heat in
the room, teams are doing well. How
would you think about it high level?
>> I mean, I think it's storytelling and
ritual.
>> I think that's what's so ritual.
>> Ritual. I think that's what's so cool
about fandom.
>> What do you mean by that?
>> So,
>> there's the story that we all understand
and is that like what the media is
capturing conversations like this. I
think especially with social media, it's
like user generated content of the
fandom. That is what I think is so
interesting about seeing what members
post
>> because there's like things that you
can't plan like curiosities around
>> yellow for example like yellow became a
thing because I was just yellow is kind
of my power color and I would naturally
wear the that for tough classes like
Tabata classes interval sprints race day
and now that's a thing like people wear
yellow for these classes and it is
associated and now it's going to be
incorporated into some products that I
have coming out athletic products
because there's a thing about that. So
there. So that's what I mean about
what's the story and then what's the
ritual and can you kind of pair those
things you know from a product
perspective or even a storytelling
perspective you know before the games
after the games and then of course
there's like the adjacent things like
fashion and stuff where there's just
little hooks.
>> Yeah. that you kind of have to marry
like the details with the larger story
and it's finding the right people who
can like notice the details like oh fans
are kind of doing this weird thing
>> whether they spot it in the venue or on
social media and then you make it a
thing and then that becomes a snowball
>> connecting the dots connect the dots
>> the ritual point is really interesting
too because the ritual of class I mean
I've had my pellet for eight years it is
ritual based you know it is like it it's
a routine in the same way that like
showing you showing up to a game or
watching a game, being connected. I
mean, you know better than anyone the
rituals of baseball.
>> Oh, yeah. And there superstition like
fans wear the same colors. If you win,
if your favorite player Anthony Edwards
scores 40, they'll post about it and
like do something weird about it or they
drank a certain thing,
>> right?
>> And the idea is how do we guess connect
those dots?
>> Yeah. and spotting what's already
naturally happening and then
communicating what the players and what
the teams are doing because people just
love understanding like what's the
morning routine, what's the ritual,
what's you what do you do pre-show like
and unpacking that and like telling that
story in a way that is appropriate for
the brand. So, I'm really curious, Alex,
as do you choose the the teams, you
know, you entered sports teams,
ownership groups that are not baseball
Mhm.
>> So, how did you do that? Because I just
recently invested in a football club, a
women's football club in Europe. I can't
announce the name, the team name yet,
but I was a little trepidacious because
it's not I'm not like a
>> soccer expert, but I'm so passionate and
this opportunity come across my desk.
And it's like how do you tow that line
of like I can offer something here?
Because for me, it's not just the
dollars. It's like I also want to be
able to sit in seats like this and be
like this, I believe in this. So Robin,
that's a great question. Like so for me,
Magic Johnson was kind of like my north
star. He was one of my heroes. Someone
that I just loved so much. Um going back
to the Laker days at Showtime with Pat
Riley. And it's interesting. He went
from the hardwood to the boardroom. He
also went from the court to baseball
ownership with the Dodgers. And I've
gone from baseball to basketball. And
when Magic and I talk, we often are
advising each other, him on the
Timberwolves and the Lynx and me for the
Dodgers. But in a weird way, I think 60%
you have a crossover. You still want
great character, well conditioned
athletes, create a great culture, create
heat inside those four walls we spoke
about. And I'm a firm believer of just
go out and hire the best people in the
world and get the hell out of the way.
>> Yep.
>> And I think not everyone does that. And
because I don't know, I'm not an expert
in basketball, I actually think that
works in my favor.
>> I don't know if I'll be such a great
baseball owner to be honest with you
because I maybe know too much and I
would probably get more frustrated. But
with basketball, I'm in awe of all our
players, the men and the women, and
they're incredible, and they're young,
and I get to talk to them about all the
mistakes that I've made, and hopefully
they can avoid those mistakes, and I
have a great partner, Mark Lori. So, I
actually love it, and I I and I love
learning. I love planting seeds. Every
day I study five or six hours every day
about basketball, whether I'm asking
Jason questions or I'm reading or I'm
listening to podcast. So, I I've enjoyed
it, and I wish you the best of luck. and
they're very lucky to have you cuz you
bring something that I wish we had from
from a partner's point of view cuz you
see the world from a different lens than
all of us do. So yellow's the color.
>> Well, I appreciate that. I'm inspired.
I'm really inspired.
>> And so help us understand and and I know
Alex has, you know, sort of done this
same balancing act. You're on a team.
You work for a company. You run a team
and yet you're a brand in your own
right. you're you're you know you're
doing your own deals. How do you how do
you balance that? How does it work? How
do you approach it? It seems like this
was the plan from the beginning.
But how has it evolved?
>> So, it used to be there used to be
one-off conversations. It was just like,
hey, I'm do, hey, I'm publishing a book
next week. Oh, okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, there's a pro an internal process,
right? We have um 50 plus instructors
globally and you know there are there
are lots of conversations that are
happening within the walls of Pelaton
and outside of it but they have to run
in parallel tracks.
>> Um you know the it like whether I'm
whether the pee on my chest is outside
my clothing or underneath my clothing
it's always there just like the players
are always you know part of the
organization. still a Yankee
>> still, you know, you're part of that
organization. And so they there are
things that are wellness adjacent that
are obviously much we talk about that
with much more specificity and there's
stuff you know like my children's book
or like you know um things that kind of
were outside of the scope um that I
would never do within the Pelaton walls
anyway and so usually that's a green
light um but there are conversations for
sure and it's with our leadership team
you know and obviously our marketing
team you know has has points of view on
it but our CCO is really integral to
that conversation and now we're at the
place where our agents and our managers
and our external teams have a
relationship with the stakeholders at
Pelaton. So, it's really like one big
conversation.
>> So, following up right on that, I mean
kind of wearing two hats again, right?
Like you're the team player for Pelaton,
one of the great leaders, and you're
also running your own kind of family
office.
>> Yeah. So when you think about your
family office, how how does your team
look and how do you kind of vet deals
and and where do you see yourself in
three to five years?
>> I mean hiring the team is the most
crucial thing in the world especially
because I want I I'm really at the
juncture where I need to understand what
scales beyond my physical presence. Um
and now it's thinking of for example my
well the short answer is I work with my
husband who serves as my manager and
he's also my business partner um he um
has a history in business so this really
he's a subject matter expert in a lot of
this stuff and then we in the the deal
details um we obviously lean on you know
my agent and our legal legal uh team we
have a PR team you know so there's lots
of spokes to the wheel but the core of
the strategy is my internal team, right?
So, like um you know, we have you know,
a chief strategy officer and it's
important that we all align and they
keep me kind of
>> I know I'm very u I think one of my
superpowers is being incredibly
decisive.
>> So, I know whether I want to do
something, but 90% of the time the
answer is no.
>> And the nos usually come from leaning
on, you know, business advice from
people who actually understand trends
and
>> and dollars, right? So that's that's
what we consider three to five years. Um
you know I want to continue to build in
the lifestyle space. Um so whether
that's food or beauty or fashion. Um I
personally am still going to be
continuing to compete and get strong.
You know I want to continue to be strong
and be an athlete and model that for
women and girls especially. So on a
personal level like I will continue to
be moving my body but on a professional
level I want to widen the aperture of
how I'm seen right so it's not just
Robin who teaches Pelon classes I also
am you know on the speaker circuit I
also you know I published five books um
and now I want to get into beauty and um
fashion as well
>> right and so it it feels like you know
you look at IP very closely in in the
deals that you're doing and I And it
it's interesting, you know, we we
started off talking about your your
history as a as a lawyer.
You're still a lawyer. I mean, it feels
like that still plays a really big part
in sort of how you do your deal making.
Is that fair?
>> Every day.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. There's a strategy that there's I
think as a lawyer, there are puzzle
pieces that you're always trying to fit
and the overarching thing is you're at
least as a litigator I I think even as a
corporate attorney, you're understanding
narrative. Yeah. And that was when I
understood narrative a little bit more
specifically and narrative as a tool.
>> And obviously now as a creator on social
media um that's deeply relevant. But in
creating Swagger Society with my
husband, we initially co- I initially
co-ounded Swagger Society in the web 3
days as a membership club. And then we
were like okay well clearly the
landscape is changing there and it
migrated into a media company. So under
that under the Swagger Society umbrella,
we have a wholly owned podcast that will
launch a newsletter and production
company. Yeah. That and these are
conversations that were like seeds. And
I was like, "Oh, let's pull on that
thread a little bit. Let's look at
titans in the industry like Reese and
Eva and um Shondaanda and just learn
from them." And they are my
>> Reese Witherspoon, Eva Longoria,
Shondaanda Rimes. Just like just name
checking,
>> you know, and they are obviously
I mean iconic. Um, and I'm just learning
and watching and understanding and then
and then trying to see like, okay, if I
took a literal, not even a page, if I
just took a a paragraph out of that
book, what would it look like for me?
And what would infuse joy? And that is a
threshold that I'm not willing to um
sacrifice on. Like if it if I'm not
filled with joy, and I get joy from hard
work, by the way. So, it's not like it's
all right walking through lily pads. But
if there's if there's not joy in it for
me, it's just a no.
>> Right. I really like how you articulated
earlier um 90% no and being super
disciplined about what you say yes too.
I I call it uh I used to go wide and
shallow. I know I go narrow and deep and
it's been a lot more productive for me.
When it comes to deal flow, does your
team go out and try to find deal flow or
if you like a company that that
identifies to your soul, do you kind of
cold call and say, "Hey, can can we take
a meeting or are you just inbounding and
whatever comes in, you get the best of
what's coming in?"
>> It's both. I think now I'm at the point
where I could be a little I I want to be
more strategic like I want to say like I
love this product or I love this
vertical and let's go for it.
um that involves you know strategic
conversations like who do we know at
this place and this place what are the
top three what would be the dream collab
um or licensing deal or whatever it is
um or what would the deal look like
right so like I think before I was so
stuck in
>> how many social posts how many
appearances how many photo shoots and
now it's like no no no let's play the
long like are we talking about
>> is this a board seat is you know what I
mean like these are different
conversations now
>> um and that's exciting but it's also
really daunting
>> right because it's like it could be
anything. Yeah.
>> Um and it's not just about a liquid
dollar amount. It's different now.
>> Yeah. Um we'd be remiss if we didn't
talk a little bit about Pelaton.
Speaking of narratives, if we were
sitting here in front of our respective
Bloomberg terminals, we'd look and we'd
be like, "Whoa, that was a big high."
And now it is not where it was. It has
been quite a journey to to say the
least. You're still there. Like you have
stuck through it. Why?
>> Oh gosh. I
have always believed I still believe I
think that I I I have the unique
privilege of seeing and I'm not
exaggerating millions of comments over
the years of people whose lives are
changed. And if you don't know, you
don't know. And it's our job to widen
the group of people who know um how
special the fitness experience is, the
wellness experience is. And when that
light bulb goes off and somebody
understands the quality of fitness
content that they have at their
fingertips, there is nothing it is
unparalleled. And um you know we
continue building we continue iterating
and I'm willing to ride the wave because
I at my core you know I mentioned that
in recruiting instructors they have to
have a point of view. My point of view
is that I will light fires globally in
the tens of millions and Pelaton will be
a key to doing that because
we are going to move the needle and make
people healthier. I want to add years to
people's lives, but I also want to add
life to their years and we're doing that
at Pelon every day to millions of folks.
>> I mean, you know, you're a leader inside
the company. How do you
how do you sort of galvanize the troops?
because I have to think, you know, in in
the four walls as of your company,
people are looking to you for belief
for, you know, for that sort of thing.
And and and you laid out a very good
case for for what it's doing. How hard
has it been at times though to be like,
"Listen, guys, we're doing this. Like,
it's happening." Like, I know we had
this high high, but now we're, you know,
like we're grinding it out. We're doing
the work. What how do you how do you
keep people motivated? I mean, we're all
in a position where we have to motivate
people who work with us,
>> right? I mean, leaders do that every
day, right? Um,
>> it's interesting to be on a team where
lots of I mean, there's lots of public
figures that you're dealing with, right?
And so, and they're they have their ear
to the ground, too, right? Like, it's
not just what the street is saying, it's
like what what are you seeing in your
inbox and your comments on social media?
What conversations are you having in the
marketplace? Um, I think I don't know. I
I don't I don't ride really high highs
or let the low lows like I I just have
to have a really even keeled mentality
and it does come back to that like was
the class I just filmed
>> my audition tape
>> like what if it all boiled down to that
one class would I be proud of it
>> and I think keeping it that granular and
keeping myself that like checked and
then communicating that obviously to the
team and it's interesting because
>> I Um, yes, I have like executive
function, but I'm also
doing the same job they're doing. So, I
think that there's a credibility there
because it's like we're just truly in
this together. Um and we have
successfully
created camaraderie in a bubble amongst
our team globally that it's like
I like I will rep my people and they
will rep me and that's how I think the
team really I think the team really
respects that.
>> Feel like you need to bring her in for a
motivational.
>> I was thinking the same.
>> You're repping me. I'm repping you.
We're all I feel that way about the
deal. I mean, like I said, we should say
that. Yeah, exactly. I'm repping you.
You're repping me, bro. So, you know,
Alex talked about the the next three to
five years. You know,
>> I guess what I would love to ask is like
the right now and sort of as you assess
and look around, you're clearly at I
mean, maybe you've had multiple
catalytic points in your career. This
feels like what I mean, it feels like
you are in in a mode where you are
leveling up. You're talking about
ownership. you're talking about, you
know, all these, you know, kind of, I
think Alex would agree, sort of next
level, uh, athlete things. Does it feel
like that to you? Does it feel like this
is this is another one of those like
leaps forward?
>> It definitely does. um strategically and
financially I understand that like I'm
having conversations that I would have
only dreamed about but also I have such
a day one mentality that it's hard for
me to sometimes like
make those things match right like you
know it's like
>> have you made it your most no of course
I haven't made it like none of us have
if you really think about it like we're
out here like grinding and that I I love
that. So, I'm having different
conversations now and the stakes have
changed especially when my own money is
involved.
>> Um, but it also I'm a student and so
it's just finding the places where I am
>> confident and leaning into that
>> and then admitting when I don't know
something and that being okay too. And
sometimes I'm in these conversations
where I am known
>> but around the table I'm like what are
they talking about? Like I don't need
this deal like this fin these financial
terms are like beyond me. Um, and I'm
okay asking questions.
>> I think the three, as I listen to you,
I'm so inspired, Robin, because I think
the three of us, while we've done a few
things in our lives, I think all of us
feel like we're in the super early
innings of our career. Yeah.
>> I mean, many days I feel like I'm in the
bottom of the first inning in business,
especially because, you know, I had I
was busy playing baseball for a long
time and now I'm in my pivot, right,
which is business. And you you're the
same thing. And, you know, Jason's made
some wild pivots, too.
>> I think it's exciting. And I think
having that thirst and curiosity is the
one common theme. I mean, we're all very
curious. And some of the great mentors
that I've had, they all have that same
characteristics. They want to ask
questions and and they they listen more
than they talk, you know.
>> Well, and I I am sitting here, you know,
thinking about where you are in this
stage and and I'll ask a question. You
know, this is a guy, you know, my
partner here, who, you know, was a
standout athlete from an early age and
was getting a lot of attention, you
know, goes to the m to the major leagues
right out of high school. You had a
different and so basically people knew
who he was. He's on the cover of Sports
Illustrated with Derek J, you know, like
we all know that story. Um, for you it
was a very different journey.
What was it like and what is it like
where you can't walk down the street
without people? I mean, people must
shout at you across the street. Like,
what is that like for someone who, you
know, went to NYU, you know, corporate
litigator with Paul Hastings, like
you're doing your thing. It's a
different world you live in now. What
does that feel like?
>> I mean, it's it's an honor. I It is an
honor. Like, that's beyond. And usually
the interactions, yeah, it'll be like,
"Oh, Robin, whatever." You know, at the
US Open, it was like literally it was
such a it's so charming and exciting
still when somebody's like, "Oh, hey, I
know. I just took your whatever class.
But what's overwhelming sometimes
>> are the moments where I have a few more
minutes or I'm stopped and it's like
this intense outpouring of like
>> you changed my life.
the breast cancer, the divorces, the and
some it's not always like a sob story,
but they're intense and and I'm in
somebody's living room and like over
hundreds of thousands of classes like
early mornings, late nights, like
there's a parasocial relationship that
is super legit,
>> that's very intimate,
>> very um and I am being myself, right?
So, I'm I have a class plan, I have
notes, but I'm me and every instructor
is that you they that's who that's who
they are truly. Um, and that's I think
the special sauce and that's why it's
replicable over thousands of classes
because it's not an act and it's not a
script and we're not wearing in ears of
somebody saying, "Hey, next up, say da
da da da." We're not scripted. I
understand just different production
environments and I have so such deep
respect for the authenticity of Pelaton.
I mean, I I do think that it's easy to
take for granted how how intimate an
interaction it it it really is and how
you and we talked with Carolyn Tishbla
when when she was here about, you know,
it's a it's almost like a worshack test
of like all right, who's your instru you
know, like when you're in, you know,
like and it it says something about sort
of your personality or even like the
mood that you're in on any
>> absolutely and we all do that. It's like
what mood am I in today? That's I mean I
will tell you I only take your classes
when I'm like ready to get my ass
kicked. So
>> run through a wall when I when I need
it. This would be a good one for you.
>> Plenty of that.
>> Yeah, there's there's a lot of that. All
right, we're going to do a rapid fire.
So it's 10 questions. Just first thing
that that pops to your mind. Don't need
to think about it too hard. All right,
I'll start and then Alex will pick up.
Ready?
>> Mhm.
>> What's one word to describe your deal
making style?
>> Decisive.
>> What's more important to you, gut or
data?
>> Gut. Who's your dream dealmaking
partner?
>> Oh gosh, there are so many. Um, I would
love to work with Dwayne Johnson. I
think what he's done at Seven Bucks is
genius.
>> And Danny Garcia.
>> And Danny, of course.
>> What's the best piece of advice you ever
received on deal making or business?
>> The best advice, it's either yes or a
no. Thank you.
>> What's the worst advice you've been
given?
>> Stay in your lane.
>> What's a deal you wish you had done? Oh,
I don't regret it. But after I left
Adidas, I was negotiating with another
athletic brand. And the reason I left
Adidas is because the like I really
wanted to do a capsule collection or
something that had, you know, it was it
was a creative something that was
creatively inspired by me, myself, and
the brand. And we were really really
close to signing a deal that would have
involved that. But I still felt like the
the financials weren't there. It was
kind of like, yeah, we'll throw you a
bone. You'll have a capsule collection,
but it felt under I felt undervalued.
And it went a few years without an
athletic partner and then you know now
having conversations with Noble it feels
like oh right that door closed because
>> it created this one.
>> What's harder running an ultramarathon
or writing a book.
>> I think writing a book because there are
so many other players in that process.
>> This one is going to be a tough one.
What is your hype song before you go
into a big meeting or negotiation?
>> Oh my. I mean, listen, M OP Annie Up was
on my labor playlist for the hospital,
so clearly I have playlists for
everything. Um, if I'm really trying to
get into a groove, Beyonce's Homecoming
Live performance, like front to back
really inspires me. It's obviously the
music is dope, but the symbolism of it,
uh, you know, of her being a black woman
headlining Coachella just really
inspires me. and then keeping it in the
family. Um, Jay-Z's
my first song.
>> It goes to that day one mentality. Yeah.
And it both pumps me up but also keeps
me grounded because it's like it's day
one. We're still hustling.
>> Hustling. I This may be the first time
you said hustle. I I was expecting like
hustle throughout this whole thing. Um,
you can only watch one sport for the
rest of your life. Which one is it?
>> Watch one. I think it would be track and
field actually. I I like love track and
field.
>> If one team can win a championship,
which one would that be?
>> I think my husband might be very upset
if I don't say the Jets
>> cuz good god, they need it.
>> Wow.
>> Well, we can go to church.
>> That's the That's the saddest answer
we've had to that question.
>> I wasn't expecting that.
>> I was not expecting that one at all. Um
Robin, you continue to surprise on so
many levels. What a pleasure. Thank you
so much for being here.
>> Oh, honored to be here. Thank you for
having me.
[Music]